Sure enough, the water came as I thought
How about Xia Ruyan?
You ran away with my daughter for five years
Should this account be carefully calculated?
You got it?
The woman from five years ago was you
Still want to lie to me
Since Sisi is my child
Should go back to the Lu family
Sissy is your daughter, that's right
But he's been with me since I was a kid
He has a simple personality.
It is not suitable for the complex environment of your Lu family at all.
As for Xiaoji
I believe that in your capacity
There must also be many women willing to have children with you
Not three years from now.
I'll take Xiaoji with me today
Listen to you
Is to grab custody of the child from me
Make sure you can rob me
I am the mother of the child
Although the law requires
Children should try to follow their mother until the age of 10
But only if
The mother's economic strength has to keep up
I will definitely work hard to make money.
Provide her with the highest quality educational environment
That was before
Now you think I'll give you another chance?
You threaten me?